Tribeca, I'd like you to
meet your new partner.
This is Jay Geils.
There's something you
should know about me.
I don't like partners,
and I especially don't like partners
who try to get personal.
I got to go take a poop.
I was engaged to my first partner,
and he vanished under
mysterious circumstances.
I've had 236 partners,
and I've fallen in love with
every single one of them.
Nothing's gonna happen to me, kid.
Tribeca, what the hell are you doing?!
Geils?
I do, too.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I never had to do that before.
Did you see me? My hands were shaking.
- I was sweating, too.
- Shh. It's okay.
It's over.
You've never opened up
to anyone in your life,
and now you're finally taking
a chance on someone.
How do you feel about that?
I feel like this.
I need to use the little
detective's room.
What?
I've just always wondered
what you'd look like
wearing my bomb vest.
Tribeca.
Boop. Boop.
Boop.
Hi, there.
Sergeant Pepper?
- Eddie?
- Hi, Angie.
- I thought you were...
- Shh.
I want you to come with
me to the other side.
I...
Boop, boop.
Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop,
boop, boop, boop, boop, boop!
Nurse!
Geils! McCormick! Get the hell in here!
McCormick, in 23 years
of law enforcement,
you're the best officer
I've ever worked with...
judgment, initiative,
investigative skills.
That being said, you're being
transferred back to vice.
See you around.
What's up, Lieutenant?
Looks like you saw a ghost.
Yes. But I have other news.
You might want to sit down.
She's awake.
Angie?
She was awake for a minute,
but now she's back out again.
I can't take this.
- Angie.
- Geils.
- Hello, old friend.
- Hello!
Angie. How you doing, girl?
Tanner.
Doctor said it'd be touch
and go for a while.
Damn it, I hate to see her like this.
Angie, how are you feeling?
I-I guess I'm okay.
How long have I been out?
About nine months.
Did someone leave a baby in the hallway?
Oh, yeah, sorry. That's me.
Is it mine?
It's ours.
I need a minute to process this.
Why don't I take little
Angie down to the cafeteria
and let you guys talk?
You named her Angie? After me?
Him. I named him after you.
Look, you take it easy girl, all right?
Hey, where's Hoffman?
He got into the evidence locker room
and ate some drug money.
He'll be suspended
until he poops it out.
In order to win the grand prize,
you must answer all four...
Until then, I'll be working
with Detective Small.
- Small?
- Very.
How's it going?
What else did I miss?
Next you're gonna tell me
you're seeing someone else.
Geils! Tribeca!
Get the hell in here!
Coming, Lieutenant.
- You wanted to see us, sir?
- Tribeca.
How you doing, kid?
Well, considering a year ago
they were sweeping up my
brains with a dustpan...
Bless you.
How are you, sir?
Well, since I'm now a year
away from retirement,
the department requires
I start building a boat
with a whimsical name.
But I'm not gonna lie.
The Thousand Tomorrows is
a long way from setting sail.
Geils, I got a fresh murder in for you.
Tribeca, the shrink
wants you riding a desk
till you're back on your feet.
I'm ready to work, Lieutenant.
You just got out of a
coma, for God's sake.
Hey! If Tribeca says she's
ready, then she's ready.
Or do I have to show you my fist?
Well, it's not like we don't need you.
It's an election year,
and the mayor insists
I crack down on murder.
Anything for a couple of votes.
There's a John Doe in the dog park
at the top of Laurel Canyon.
Check it out.
You really think she's ready?
I don't know, Lieutenant.
I don't know.
Wait! Wait, wait! No!
No, no! Come on, come on, come on!
No, no! This is a crime scene!
You might want to take a look at it.
Good boy. All right.
What are we looking at, Tanner?
Got the call about 7:00 this morning.
Guy walks his dog in the park.
Just chillin'.
All of a sudden, sees a body...
dead and buried.
Well, not all the way buried,
but definitely all the way dead.
- Let's take a look.
- Yeah.
Dr. Scholls.
Tribeca. Welcome back.
Hello, lover.
Oh, that's right.
You didn't know.
Do we know how he died?
We found some bruising on his neck,
so strangulation's a possibility.
Anyone else in the park
when they found the body?
Just a trainer that
comes here every day...
Anne Muffet.
Said she's seen the deceased
in the park before,
but never spoke to him.
Let's take a look at
our John Doe's name.
If he still has his wallet,
it wasn't a robbery.
Jonathan Dough.
What do we got, Scholls?
We turned Dough's apartment upside down.
Didn't find a thing.
Keep us posted.
Will do.
Angie, listen, me and Scholls...
It's fine, Geils.
They said even if you did wake up,
you wouldn't be you anymore.
You'd be a distant echo.
A memory.
More shadow than human being.
- And fat.
- I get it.
You think I would have
waited around for you?
- No way.
- Yeah, right.
No way.
All right, well, Scholls
thinks I had the baby
with some chick in Canada...
Yeah, don't worry about it.
But, uh, if you had some
pictures you could send,
I-I'd like that.
Well, I kind of made
her up, so I don't...
- The baby.
- You guys looking for John Dough?
Anything you can tell us about him?
Moved in two weeks ago.
Had this weird thing
about not being in a good
mood most of the time.
I don't want to call him sad, but...
And what about his routine?
Anything out of the ordinary?
Every day around 8:30, he'd come out
with this rectangular box with a handle
and some kind of hot beverage.
He'd be gone all day.
Then, around 6:00, he's back.
Box, no beverage.
Then you don't hear from
him all night long.
Boom! Next morning, box and beverage.
I don't want to say
he lived and slept here
and then went to work, but...
Friends? Acquaintances?
This was weird.
He had this woman
that he was married to.
Then they decided to stop being
married and live separately.
I don't want to say divorce, but...
Can I help you?
Jane Dough? LAPD.
It's "Douzjh." The "G-H" is pronounced.
Can we come in?
We're very sorry to hear
about your ex-husband.
Are you?
Tribeca, take it easy.
I'm fine.
Just because we're divorced
doesn't mean I'm happy that he's dead.
We were high-school sweethearts.
Ever since college.
When was the last time you saw him?
- Not dead, I mean.
- Last night.
I dropped by his new place
around 8:00 to pick up our dog.
We had an argument, and I left.
What was the argument about?
I told him to get some plants
for his new apartment...
which, of course, made him furious.
I just find plants and animals
liven a place up a
little bit, don't you?
Yeah. So do humans.
The scratch marks on your neck...
Was there some sort
of physical altercation?
I'm afraid Bruce has a little
bit of a flea problem.
Don't you find it unusual
that your ex-husband
was at the dog park without a dog?
Should I be speaking to a lawyer?
No, ma'am.
That would make our job a lot harder.
The ex-wife doesn't have an alibi,
but until we find a murder
weapon or a cause of death,
we have nothing on her.
Jane Dough wasn't the last
person to see him alive.
Seems he had an appointment
with the dog trainer,
Anne Muffet, at 11:00 p.m.
Tanner, you and Small
take a run at Muffet.
About that, sir. I can't
find Detective Small.
- What do you mean, you can't find her?
- I mean I looked everywhere.
I retraced my footsteps,
looked in the lost and found.
I'm really sorry.
Well, a new detective is
coming out of your paycheck.
Oh, that's cold.
Geils,
you and Tribeca see what you can
dig up on the Dough divorce.
Hey.
How's she holding up?
I think you meant
to pull aside Geils, sir.
Right.
All right, well, if you see him around,
ask him how you're holding up.
Will do.
Thanks for coming in, Miss Muffet.
I have a few questions to ask you.
Sit!
Shake.
Did you have an appointment
with a John Dough
at 11:00 p.m. last night?
Mm... maybe.
I have a lot of clients.
It's really difficult to keep track.
Well, let me refresh your memory.
It's the dead guy in the park
that you claim you never spoke to.
No. No!
Well, we have a calendar
entry on John Dough's phone
saying that he had an appointment
with you last night.
You know what?
Now that I think about it,
we did have a session last night.
Training dogs at 11:00 p.m.?
Mr. Dough had a day job.
He could only do sessions at night
on the days he had custody of the dog.
So you knew about his divorce.
Drop it. Drop it!
This morning you claimed you
never even spoke to the man.
Now you know details
about his personal life,
training sessions with him
in the middle of the night.
The relationship between
a trainer and their client
and their client's dog is privileged.
I did not go to six weeks
of online dog-training school
to betray the cornerstone
of my profession.
Now if you are finished...
Baby, I'm nowhere near
finished with you.
I have a security camera in my home.
Check the footage at 11:55 last night
and you will see John Dough
leaving my house alive.
And now I am leaving.
- Hmph.
- Wait.
Wait.
Wa-a-a-a-it.
Okay!
I think I got fleas
from that lady's house.
Oh, look, it's the care phone.
It's for you. Guess who it is.
Nobody.
Then who said it was for me?
Hi. Sorry we kept you waiting.
Let the record show
that we are talking to
Neil and Penelope Quigley,
who represented John Dough
in his divorce from his wife.
We're sitting in a drab office
decorated with generic
artwork on the walls.
Neil is a tall man. Medium build.
Colors his hair. Not fooling anybody.
Penelope's a hot little number,
though her best years
are probably behind her.
But back in the day, mm-mmm!
Mr. and Mrs. Quigley,
thank you for talking to us.
Of course. We were devastated
to hear about John's death.
I could swear he had three
or four more divorces in him.
Was there anything about the divorce
that would make you think Mrs. Dough
would want to harm her husband?
It was pretty cut and dry.
The only sticking point
was the custody of the dog.
I don't even think John
wanted that little rat,
but Jane did, so I got it for him.
He means we got it for him.
He sometimes forgets that both
of our names are on the door.
Though my name does come first.
Which no one could possibly know
because we have the same name.
Are we okay?
Sometimes my husband
can be a little insensitive...
and even less often get an erection.
Sometimes my wife can't do
anything sexy, anything at all.
But if she could, me and my erection
would be first in line for that show.
My erection and I.
Ohh! That's the spot!
Oh, I swear, building
this boat's gonna kill me.
So, John Dough loses
interest in his wife.
Then he gets the dog in the divorce.
They fight about it, and she kills him.
But he was seen alive coming
out of the trainer's place.
And she knows he'll be
at the dog park in the morning,
so she waits for him,
strangles him, takes the dog,
and then does her best to bury the body.
But we haven't confirmed strangulation
is the cause of death.
Plus, that trainer woman
knows a hell of a lot more
- than what she's letting on.
- Mm.
Oh, can I help you there?
Oh. Yes, thank you, Dr. Edelweiss.
You know, these vending machines
are going to make me
an absolute fortune.
Now, what can I get you?
Uh, the blackberry brandy
and the pink-and-white pills.
Oh, yes. An excellent choice.
Now let me show you something
we found on your John Dough.
It was very astute of you
to notice the bruise marks on his neck.
- He'd been strangled.
- Aha!
- But not to death.
- Huh?
Someone had placed
something around his neck...
- a cord or a belt.
- Ah.
- But the trachea was intact.
- O-ho!
It was tight enough, of course,
to cause some severe damage.
- Yayayaya.
- But whoever did this
knew exactly at which point to stop.
Mm!
- It's possible that...
- Nobody asked you!
Hey, if you're gonna lose your mind
every time you fall into a coma
and I abandon you for another woman,
who then raises your baby
thinking it's my Canadian love child,
it's gonna be a long second season.
Fine.
Aah! Dang it. Now I have fleas.
- So, what killed him?
- He was poisoned.
A routine toxicology report
revealed a lethal dose of pyrethrin.
What's pyrethrin?
You don't know?
My job is safe.
Pyrethrin is an extract from
the chrysanthemum flower
and a common ingredient in pesticides.
Pesticide.
Geils.
We need an arrest
warrant for Jane Dough.
I'll call the D.A.
Mm.
I didn't have any cash.
- But I didn't do anything!
- That's enough, Jane.
I'll do the talking.
But she didn't do anything!
We have a man who was poisoned
and a bitter ex-wife with
motive, opportunity,
and a pantry full of pesticides.
I didn't kill Jonathan. I loved him.
He just didn't love me.
It all started in the bedroom.
He kept wanting to do
weirder and weirder stuff.
How weird? What stuff?
How weird?
Don't answer that.
But if you want to,
that would be awesome.
I just don't feel comfortable.
But if it would help...
He wanted us to...
I can't.
But I did not kill him, I swear to God.
God may believe you, but a jury won't.
Take her away.
That may be the coolest
thing I ever said.
My plants!
Well, I'm gonna take off for the night.
Crazy first day back, huh?
Nothing I can't handle.
I do love you, Tribeca.
What?
I said "good night."
Hi.
I'm glad we switched to cloth diapers.
I'm wearing mine, too!
Hey.
You know what always
makes me feel better?
A big bag of Dick's.
Great. I'm starving.
Thanks.
So, Jane Dough goes down
for murdering her husband.
Love's funny, ain't it?
Love is funny.
And it's freaky.
You wouldn't believe what I
saw at the trainer's house.
Yeah, I got coffee at
your place this morning.
I had a little white detective with me.
Did anyone turn one in?
Yeah, I'll hold.
She had a leash around his neck?
Some messed-up shit.
Ugh!
These fleabites.
Fleas.
Now that Tribeca's awake,
I suppose you want to leave me for her.
No. No, of course not.
Besides, she has no
feelings for me anymore.
Geils.
Tribeca!
Sorry to interrupt your dinner.
Oh, don't even worry about it.
I realized something that's
gonna make you very, very happy.
Shh! You don't have to say it.
Jane Dough is innocent.
Oh. The case.
It was the fleabites.
Everyone had them... you,
me, the wife, the dog.
So everyone has fleas.
The dog has fleas, gave
them to everybody.
Almost everybody.
Dr. Scholls, how many fleabites
did John Dough have on his body?
There were no fleabites
on John Dough's body.
Oh, what do you know?!
Wait. Yes, that's right.
John Dough had no fleabites
because fleas wouldn't touch
him because pyrethrin,
which is the active
ingredient in pesticides,
is also the active
ingredient in flea medicine.
- But who...
- The trainer.
She was into some weird
role-playing stuff
where John Dough pretended to be a dog.
Does somebody want a treat?
Who's a good boy? Who's a good boy?
Oh, my good...
Dough gets fleas.
Naturally, she gives him medicine.
She gives him too much.
He dies. She panics.
She buries him in the park.
Even though we only have
her for manslaughter,
I think we can get her under murder one.
She's gonna fry like bacon.
It all makes sense.
Sorry, Monica.
We've got to go arrest the dog trainer.
No, you stay and eat.
I'm fine on my own.
I always have been.
You're never on your own.
See you in the morning, partner.
See you in the morning.
Oh.
And, hey, Geils?
Why don't you take this?
I don't need it anymore.
It's empty.
Yeah. Can you toss it for me?
Sit down! Okay, okay, okay, okay!
Down! Sit down!
Anne Muffet, you're under arrest
for the murder of Jonathan Dough.
You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you sa...
Hello! Who's this little guy?
Hi!
Hello.
Tribeca, I thought you hated dogs.
Yeah, there's something about this one.
Oh, you like your belly
scratched, don't you?
Yes, you do.
I think you've been working
a little too hard, Tribeca.
Why don't you head on home?
We'll handle Miss Muffet.
Thanks, Tanner.
You know what? I'm sorry.
This is super-weird.
Yeah, I should go now.
My son graduates tomorrow.
Tribeca.
Angie. It's me.
Sergeant Pepper?
Eddie?
- Synced and corrected by hawken45 -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org